I did this project under 100%FAT as part of my Unity programming internship there. I was responsible for creating the software for this game.

- **Emergent and fast feature prototype**: I was assigned to this project and game as emergency help, due to the other programmers running out of time. Because of that, I was asked to deliver a showcase of the functionality in action in about 2 weeks. I got the base going in a couple of days, and from there on (later with deadlines relaxed), I was able to fix, polish and add on, becoming a bigger actor for the finished software product.
- **Game loop implementation**: After dealing with the interaction loop of rotating and hammering, I had to go through the comprehensive state loop of a short installation - idle / tutorial / game / results. This is ultimately what put my programming to a test back then.
- **UI implementation**: With the educational value of this installation, it is integral to have well-positioned and managed UI to guide players as much as necessary. I worked not only on that, but also on testing some elements to see if they are necessary or excessive (**see the Gallery below**). I made and rested my case for recommended elements, but left all options tweakable in a settings file.
- **Integration with physical device**: This minigame is played through a real-life controller in the shape of a dowel, which handles rotation and hammering. For me, this meant a step outside of casual Unity into some Arduino communication work with an encoder, which luckily I could handle with my prior experience.
- **Testing**: I managed to do testing among colleagues on the minigame concept and find out what nuances to adjust. Notably in this, I silently put a feature requested by my supervisor to a small A/B test, and it ended up unused after every other colleague either struggled with it or didn't notice its absence.