- **Progressive Web Apps + REST API**: The "frontend" and "backend" of a web site or application. Previously, I stayed away from these terms as I never seemed to find a comprehensive explanation of them. After this course, I had made a task management site that minimally covers all user needs from login to create/edit/delete. I immediately saw in [my next project](/item_pages/Phone-controllable%20screens%20experience) that the possibilities don't end there!
- **Development Environments**: IDEs, version control systems, testing and deployment, CI/CD. I challenged myself by making an app in ASP.NET instead of JavaScript, to experience more frameworks in the same study and see the familiar C# in new light (far outside of Unity). Its topic was based on a hobby, watching Twitch streams (of Super Mario 64). In a real scenario, it would fill a niche for giving gaming-specific ratings to games and streams. In reality, ASP.NET prevented several features of my app from working by the deadline. I implemented the aforementioned pipeline steps just sufficiently, but that takes away the fear from me about approaching them further in the future!
- **AR/VR Development**: Mostly a "technical preview" course for XR technologies, with a minor focus on Web application. I used this opportunity to refresh my previous memory of the Vuforia library, while inventing an educational prototype for encouraging children to learn about traffic signs.
- **Portfolio Website**: Long after my first website version in pure HTML + CSS, I finally made this redesign based on the knowledge from all projects mentioned above! There is still a lot to be desired, and probably many packages and site builders to do my bidding (and better), but still, I am more confident in JavaScript than ever before.