I did this project as a larger group project, with 8 people for 8 weeks. Technical collaboration was with [Stephan Gibson (programmer)](https://github.com/Stepup2000) and Data Lomadze (designer). I focused on various functionalities revolving around game loop and UI, also partially enforcing a code architecture with decoupling design patterns. In detail as follows:

- **UI: Character selection screen**: Smash-style screen: Players can join with UI cursors of their controllers at this phase, they can pick a character simultaneously and the game can start only after everyone is finished. Fully functional except for Unity UI visually highlighting a maximum of only one hovered character item at a time. In hindsight, I do not recommend this type of character selection screen in a limited-time project.
- **Local multiplayer via Input System**: Up to 4 controllers connected to the running device may join on any of the starting screens. In addition to merely being connected, each player controls per screen either a player character or a UI cursor and is therefore active at all times. Has occasional bugs where a controller may decide to lose control and drift offscreen. My first project using Unity's Input System instead of the legacy Input Manager.
- **Player movement and interactions**: Determining direct 2D-ish movement as the best option over CharacterController-like steering and acceleration, handling collisions with various layers (players, projectiles, walls, props, and more details coming from interactions), handling projectiles and their ownership. I also tried practicing with a buffered inputs feature - ability to catch an enemy projectile ala Dodgeball with accurate timing within a window. This is still present, but buggy and therefore not explained to players by default.
- **Implementing projectile types**: Ideas such as default bouncing projectile, "ghost" (phases through walls), "scatter" (fires 5 instead of 1, no bounces), "rebound" (instead of regularly bouncing, returns to the player and can be fired again). These work with varying stability, with the base formed by default + ghost + scatter.
- **Game and interaction loop**: Handle scene transitions, on interaction events trigger feedback (like particles and sound clips).